here this word you cows of Bashan who
here this word you cows of Bashan who are on the mountain of Samaria who
are on the mountain of Samaria who
are on the mountain of Samaria who oppressed the poor who crushed the needy
oppressed the poor who crushed the needy
oppressed the poor who crushed the needy who say to your husbands bring wine let
who say to your husbands bring wine let
who say to your husbands bring wine let us drink the Lord God has sworn by His
us drink the Lord God has sworn by His
us drink the Lord God has sworn by His Holiness the hoenn the day shall come
Holiness the hoenn the day shall come
Holiness the hoenn the day shall come upon you when he will take you away with
upon you when he will take you away with
upon you when he will take you away with fishhooks and your posterity with
fishhooks and your posterity with
fishhooks and your posterity with bishops you will go out through broken
bishops you will go out through broken
bishops you will go out through broken walls each one straight ahead of her and
walls each one straight ahead of her and
walls each one straight ahead of her and you will be cast into harmon says the
you will be cast into harmon says the
you will be cast into harmon says the Lord
come to Bethel and transgress at Gilgal
come to Bethel and transgress at Gilgal multiply transgression bring your
multiply transgression bring your
multiply transgression bring your sacrifices every morning your tithes
sacrifices every morning your tithes
sacrifices every morning your tithes every three days offer a sacrifice of
every three days offer a sacrifice of
every three days offer a sacrifice of Thanksgiving with level proclaim and
Thanksgiving with level proclaim and
Thanksgiving with level proclaim and announce the freewill offerings for this
announce the freewill offerings for this
announce the freewill offerings for this you love you children of Israel also I
you love you children of Israel also I
you love you children of Israel also I gave you cleanness of teeth in all your
gave you cleanness of teeth in all your
gave you cleanness of teeth in all your cities and lack of bread in all your
cities and lack of bread in all your
cities and lack of bread in all your places yet you have not returned to me I
places yet you have not returned to me I
places yet you have not returned to me I also withheld rain from you when there
also withheld rain from you when there
also withheld rain from you when there were still three months to the harvest I
were still three months to the harvest I
were still three months to the harvest I made it rain on one city I withheld rain
made it rain on one city I withheld rain
made it rain on one city I withheld rain from another city one part was rend upon
from another city one part was rend upon
from another city one part was rend upon and where it did not rain the part with
and where it did not rain the part with
and where it did not rain the part with it so two or three cities wandered to
it so two or three cities wandered to
it so two or three cities wandered to another city to drink water but they
another city to drink water but they
another city to drink water but they were not satisfied yet you have not
were not satisfied yet you have not
were not satisfied yet you have not returned to me says the Lord I blasted
returned to me says the Lord I blasted
returned to me says the Lord I blasted you with blight and mildew when your
you with blight and mildew when your
you with blight and mildew when your gardens increased your vineyards your
gardens increased your vineyards your
gardens increased your vineyards your fig trees and your olive trees the
fig trees and your olive trees the
fig trees and your olive trees the locust devoured them yet you have not
locust devoured them yet you have not
locust devoured them yet you have not returned to me says the Lord I sent
returned to me says the Lord I sent
returned to me says the Lord I sent among you a plague after the manner of
among you a plague after the manner of
among you a plague after the manner of Egypt your young men I killed with a
Egypt your young men I killed with a
Egypt your young men I killed with a sword along with your captive horses
sword along with your captive horses
sword along with your captive horses I made the stench of your caps come up
I made the stench of your caps come up
I made the stench of your caps come up into your nostrils
into your nostrils
into your nostrils yet you have not returned to me I
yet you have not returned to me I
yet you have not returned to me I overthrew some of you as God overthrew
overthrew some of you as God overthrew
overthrew some of you as God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah and you were like a
Sodom and Gomorrah and you were like a
Sodom and Gomorrah and you were like a firebrand
firebrand
firebrand plucked from the burning yet you have
plucked from the burning yet you have
plucked from the burning yet you have not returned to me therefore thus will I
not returned to me therefore thus will I
not returned to me therefore thus will I do to you O Israel because I will do
do to you O Israel because I will do
do to you O Israel because I will do this to you prepare to meet your God o
this to you prepare to meet your God o
this to you prepare to meet your God o Israel for behold he who forms mountains
Israel for behold he who forms mountains
Israel for behold he who forms mountains and creates the wind who declares to man
and creates the wind who declares to man
and creates the wind who declares to man what his thought is and makes the
what his thought is and makes the
what his thought is and makes the morning darkness who treads the high
morning darkness who treads the high
morning darkness who treads the high places of the earth the Lord God of
places of the earth the Lord God of
places of the earth the Lord God of hosts is his name